Horde
-----
Top down Kadoom style game but with hordes of zombies trying to get you.
They wouldn't be very smart but there would be lots of them. Levels start
off pretty quiet, users can do... stuff... (pick up weapons?).

Each level is essentially just a fenced in rectangle with varying amounts
of gaps in the fence. Zombies can only come through gaps in fences. Over time,
more gaps appear in the fencing letting more zombies in at once. User can repair
gaps sometimes if they have repair toolkits in hand.

Ammo etc is limited but killing zombies will randomly drop stuff - ammo, guns,
grenades, mines, repair kits.

Maybe instead of repair kits, users get fence panels? That's a bit weird actually.
But it would be nice to be able to create new fences, somehow.

Maybe there are other things like trees which you can chop down.

Should be able to set things like automatic turrets, traps, etc.

What about making stuff a bit more line-of-sight ish?

Sound - how is this going to work? Trying to keep stuff decoupled. For example,
when a zombie enters an attacking sound it'd be nice to play a groan or roar or something.
Don't want to get too obsessed with decoupling stuff too early, but entities risk getting
extremely fat if they know too much.

Emitters could be interesting here; for example if all state logic gets encapsulated a bit
more cleanly then they could perhaps emit when they change. Then we could just do...

const z = new Zombie();
const s = new State({some state configuration here??});
z.state = s;

s.on("change", state => {
  if (state === "whatever") {
    Something.playSound();
  }
});

Then again that's not much different to just making Zombies an event emitter and doing z.on("state:change");

Consolidate EntityManager and EntityRenderer calls? Why can't the manager just always add the entity to the
render list?

Level design...

Player starts in the middle, or whatever, of the map.
Level is divided roughly into zones; the centre is zone 1, surrounded by a second,
third, fourth etc. The further out the zone, the quicker zombies spawn in it.

Let's assume for a minute that zombies only spawn in the outer zone. They start off idle.
It's probably fair for a zombie to have some sort of homing instinct, i.e. they all know
that they want to head roughly to the centre of the map - this coordinate doesn't have
to be exact. They have little confidence in this destination (we might factor that in).

Zombies then start ambling towards their overall destination. Based on an intelligence
and communication value, they might pick up destinations or other info from other zombies they
encounter en route.

Visibility is surely just a factor of distance and relative angle - let's sort that.
